Hello everyone, here we bring you a
video explaining how to earn money by
try free applications you can
download on any device that
have them that is to say of apel and you go to
take nothing more than a minute to
get it in the application the only thing
we have to do is enter
safari and we wrote the following
address that we are going to leave you below
written fincher pérez puntocom vale
we load the page and this appears
to simply click on the button sign up
from above and the following appears
notice to install it
let's go and this is going to take us
adjustments when you're there just what
you install and when I finish I'm going to
take back automatically
here you will find a space where
we have to enter a code balea and
write the code that we leave more
down that is to 6 or tj
s
then you give the blue button
where there are cries of termites and a
Once this is done, it will load the
application page to save it
you just have to go to the screen
start you go to the button with the square and
arrow and you choose to add the screen
good start united new would be the icon
from the center and you give to add
As you can see when we leave, we have the icon
of the app to use it enter and in the
section where it says get points are
all the apps that you can download and
try to get new points
top left until the number of
points that you have and if you have
correctly entered the code
you should have 50 good down as you see
there is a section that puts words there you see
all the things you can buy with
points we have ipad mini apps
that are only for us but there are other
things like money for amazon and paypal
that are valid for any part of the world
good
to buy this works we go back
to kate points and we give the first pp
we give the icon adam blythe danner
and this will automatically open us
safari and in the extra good skin what
we install as if it were an application
normal and all of these are downloaded as the
we open and we try it I usually be
between 30 and 60 seconds giving him doing
application input nonsense and
I go back to freezer points and see
that has effectively given us the points
that gave him that application and in three
we have more than 50 just that is
everything goes as the points earn money and
if you can then pass the video like and
subscribe thank you very much everyone until
other